[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Eight years ago, I was guided
to the island of Great Britain
by the spirit of a wise merlin.
And I was led through
the stone circles
that represented a connection.
So Nine Ladies was for sure
part of that initiative path.
And Nine Ladies is
a very tiny circle
that is hidden in the
middle of the mountains
in the center of England.
And I felt this
feminine power there,
which eventually I felt
this is part of a path
that I have to do
something with this.
And this is why I started to
bring people to this circle.
This circle is called like that,
because the old tradition says
that Nine Ladies were
dancing a Sunday around
in the middle of the forest.
And because it was God's Day,
they weren't supposed to dance.
So God turned them into stones.
But, of course, that's
not the actual story.
It's describing
basically a circle
of feminine reunions,
where the witches used
to gather in that forest.
And it's a place where the
feminine used to get together
to discuss, talk, celebrate.
But the initiative
path in Great Britain
was not like the one in Egypt.
In Egypt, was more like
an obligated step-by-step
that you had to do in
order to get to somewhere.
In Great Britain, was much
more about going to the center.
So it was not that everyone had
to go through a line specific
to connect.
Most of the places were about to
connect with the circle itself.
So it didn't exist an
actual initiatic path
that obligated people to
go from one to the other.
The idea of going to the
plexus of Great Britain
is to balance the feminine ego.
The ego has two
different aspects.
One expands outside and
the other one contracts
to the within.
The one that expands
towards the outside
is the feminine ego, which is
the one related to everyone
with the creation itself.
Animals, plants, humans.
The ego of the feminine is
spread because of the division
of the feminine.
The aspect of creation in
the cosmos is feminine,
so it means that unity has
been divided into many in order
to create.
That's why the
feminine energy is
one ego that is spread all
over in every living being.
That's why that part of the
ego is the one that connects us
with everyone around, the one
that makes us feel, connect,
perceive, take care of everyone
who is alive in this planet.
And the masculine
ego is the opposite.
It's the one that
brings everything
from the outside to
understand itself,
to be referred to the one.
And so putting all
these different hearts
together in unity again.
That's why the ego
of the feminine
usually is about
taking care of others
or invading the space of others,
trying to control their lives
through emotion.
And the ego-- the egoistic
movement of the masculine
is grabbing everyone
towards oneself
and being in
control of everyone.
In this process of
Nine Ladies, the idea
was to recognize the power of
being connected to every living
being.
The power of the feminine,
which is expansive.
The power of being able to
communicate and to become
the everything.
Not just as being
one with everything,
but being able to channel
the everything, so being
able to become an
animal, to become a tree,
to become the plant in order
to understand the medicine that
is within, to understand
the wind by dancing.
So these are the things that
usually witches were doing.
And before the
witches, the priestess.
Priestesses were
the feminine aspect
of the divine that embody
this creation, the expansion.
And then they were forbidden,
because the feminine were
so powerful that the
masculine side of history
decided to shut them up.
So what they started to do
was to gather in forests
and to do their
potions and dancings
and ceremonies
hidden from the men.
And that's why they
became witches.
So this witch
energy is something
that connects us with the
expansion of this nature,
to know how to use the nature,
how to use everything around,
and how to become
everything around.
The idea in the circle was
to allow the feminine aspect
of each one of us to
connect with that power,
with the power of saying,
I am the everything,
and I can be expanded
in every living creature
and become every
living creature.
After the Nine
Ladies, the next step
was Brimham Rocks, which
is a national park.
And it's a special place because
for me, it was a druid school.
It was a natural
place where people
used to go to receive
teachings, and to learn
how to read the books of Earth.
It's a very special place that
the first time that I went
there, I was led
into these rocks,
and the spirit of the
place told me here
is a place where we taught the
masculine how to read nature
and how to become masters
of their own reality.
The main idea of
the message that I
wanted to transmit in Brimham
Rocks was about detachment.
In the spiritual world, usually
we hear the term detachment
as something that is the main
key to become a spiritual.
>> So the idea of detachment
actually is related to how
nature in a tree, for
example, lets the leaves,
and the fruits to fall
down during autumn.
And in that process of autumn,
it earns power and energy
within that allows the tree
to grow bigger and even much
more stronger.
So the process of detachment is
a process of becoming richer,
because you are offering in
order to gain space for the new.
>> Like we need to release
our physical world in order
to become spiritual.
And this is usually
related to not willing
to have materialistic
things or not
earning money for some
actions that we do.
Spiritual things should be free.
And this kind of things.
When we look into most of
the traditions, the priests,
the priestesses, that have
been in a spiritual path,
they had to let go all
their previous lives and all
their materialistic reality in
order to become part of the one,
of the divine.
But the rocks, what
they are teaching
is how the process of
detachment really works.
Detachment is not that you
have to get rid of everything
in order to become spiritual.
Detachment means that you
have to give something away
in order to receive
something new,
in order to have balance
in the process of creation.
Detachment means that in order
to be able to read yourself
in a deeper level,
you have to get rid
of the sand, the soil that is
covering the rocks, the crystals
that are within you.
Another analogy would be how the
trees get rid of the flowers,
get rid of the leaves
every autumn, every fall.
So they could have much
more strength and power
for new leaves and new
flowers to be created.
It's not about
finding light means
to leave all the
flowers on the leaves,
or to get rid of every crystal
and rock of the mountain.
It's about all
these dirty things
that are not very useful
for us, but that maybe they
are very useful for others.
And that we don't need
them because they actually
are kept because we are
afraid of losing our security.
Because when we release
our inner power,
we are open for everyone
to see the truth of us.
Because we are scared of showing
to the world who we really are,
we try to cover that with a lot
of things that we don't need.
So the spiritual thing is
to release all these things
that you don't actually
need to protect yourself,
actually to release the
power that you have within.
And in order for you to shine,
you need to let some things go.
And when you let
those things go,
you start to have more energy
and power to receive new things.
So detachment is about
releasing in order to receive.
It's not about just
letting go and be nothing.
After the teachings
of Brimham Rocks,
we were led to
Druid's Temple, which
is the place where we actually
had to give the ceremony.
Druid's Temple was not an
ancient temple, actually.
It was built in
the 17th century.
The first time that I went
there to Druid's Temple,
I felt like I was
at home, and I felt
that it was so powerful that
eventually I would have to lead
ceremonies there
to prepare people
into the energy of
the entire island.
I received my own
ceremony there,
and I received my first wand.
I received my first
blessing by the druids.
And I felt I was a part of
this land at that moment.
When we arrived, we weren't
supposed to do a ceremony.
We were supposed to
have a free time.
And I would explain
some other things.
But as we got into
the temple, suddenly,
I felt the energy like
you won't enter here
without asking permission
and doing it properly.
So nobody was allowed to
get inside the temple just
to take pictures and have fun.
It was like at the
door, I turned around,
I saw everyone and
said, no way, I'm
going to let you go
in just like nothing.
So I said, I will
ask for permission.
So I entered to
And as I touched the
altar, a butterfly
came and laid down there.
And I was talking to
her to ask permission
as the spirit of the
place to talk through her
to the spirit of the place.
And as I got the
permission, I went out.
And the butterfly left.
And so I allowed the
people to come in.
But as we were moving around
and creating a circle,
suddenly everything started
to become a ceremony.
And I went to ask for
permission to the druid that
was in the cave on the
back, as I usually do.
Go ask permission.
And when I got there, I
immediately felt him take over.
So I went back and
I wasn't me anymore,
so I couldn't speak to anybody.
Everyone was already
tuned to their circle.
So he started to
balance everyone
and to follow everything.
And just with the
sight, Guille and Karina
knew what they needed
to do in that moment.
So without speaking, we
started to prepare the altar,
to cleanse everybody.
And we haven't spoken.
Nobody said what to do.
We were just following the
energy of what was happening,
and the people too.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So the whole ceremony was
about cleaning the lower
part of the body,
because we were
leaving the South
part of England going
to the North of Great Britain.
So we were going
from the South plexus
down where the emotions
and creations are in order
to go up where the heart
and the mind is anchored.
So this was like a
ceremony to say this is
the end of a part of the path.
And you can begin the new one.
But in order to do that, you
need to remember who you are.
[CHANTING] You are
a cause of hopes
who once have walked this land.
>> The ego part of the masculine
side of the island is saying you
need to remember who you really
are in order to keep going.
And one of the main things
that the druids said
was, there was a moment when
you were a child that someone
told you stop playing.
You have responsibilities now.
Don't say this.
Don't do that.
Now you have to take care.
And in that moment,
you stop playing
and you forgot your name.
In that moment, you became who
others were willing for you
to be.
Since that moment,
you lost magic.
Since that moment, you
lost your childhood.
[CHANTING] Take a deep breath
and rest sound your true name
to me who you are and
you have always been.
>> So everyone starts to
connect with that and crying,
and then singing
their names out loud.
Even if they had no idea what
they were actually saying,
their spirit starts to speak.
And their names started
to be pronounced.
So this Druid, he
starts to grab things
from all around to be
used in the ceremony.
He used stuff from
inside the cave,
from outside in
one of the altars.
So he was using different
things to connect
different parts of the person.
So he used a pine
that he found out
there to connect the pineal
with the pines of the tree
and the pines of the sun,
which is the inner light.
He used the light of the sun to
connect each one of the crown
chakras and put them
all together in a net,
and put it up in the
highest point of the stone
that we were all
facing in the circle.
And as we did that, they
were all connecting that net.
So he went down on a stone and
grabbed a spider, a big spider,
and put it in the stone.
And by singing, leading
her with the finger,
he was leading her to
make a spiral going up
until the spider
got up in the pine.
So when the spider got there,
he grabbed the light of the sun
and made the last weaving.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And that's the end
of the ceremony,
like the wrap of everything.
People in the ceremony started
to feel that connection.
And I think it's
very powerful when
you see the people start
using their own energy
and handling their own energy.
And being aware by themselves,
where was the trauma?
How to release it.
Finishing their own
process, releasing,
and connecting and healing.
And it's very
powerful for me to see
how people do this
process by themselves too,
not only because
they are guided.
And to allow them
to do that part
that they have come here to do
by their own, their own self.
So once we connected
with this plexus,
with this center of
gravity that was weaved
by the net in that
moment, we had
to go up to the first step in
the upper part of the body,
which is the heart--
in Castlerigg.
Castlerigg represents the heart.
The heart is actually a machine
that pulses time and space.
If you could hear all the
hearts in the universe beating
at the same time, you would
start to hear this machine.
Whenever I bring
people to that place
it is to feel the power of that
machine of all hearts together.